as time goes on international tensions
thicken geopolitical destruction is
evident then world powers are squaring
off against each other at this time of
sheer turmoil what is at stake
everything it has been said that when
all else fails we are taken to war this
would be gruesome and painful and the
grand mistake you came here for the
truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at this issue and also
connect that in with this the greenback
reaches the strongest level since 2003
versus the euro
slowly but surely what we are seeing
here is a reaching of parity between the
US dollar and the euro this I do believe
would set off various algorithms and hit
that trigger to therefore send that even
lower in a rapid pace what has happened
in Europe obviously there has been
sovereign debt problems that have been
going on for years the banks are on the
edge of bankruptcy technically bankrupt
but they're making it seem as though
they're on the edge of bankruptcy and
meanwhile the US dollar is looking
stronger only in relation to those other
currencies when you have a whole bunch
of garbage out there you search for the
best piece of garbage and here we are
trying to face currencies off against
each other but in this paradigm the fiat
currency paradigm we have to understand
that it's all fake so which one is worse
or which one is best how you want to
look at it let's get into the article
here out of Bloomberg the dollar rallied
to a strongest level since 2003 against
the euro while gold plunged as the
prospect of a steeper path to the US
interest rates going forward filtered
through markets US stocks rebounded from
their worst day in two months as havens
retreated okay so what we see here are
you know your your basic effects of what
has happened with the Federal Reserve
increasing interest rates at that
fraction that it did and this suggests
and should suggest that everything is
sound now everything is just wonderful
don't worry about it
by increasing the interest rates by this
marginal amount they're saying look we
are on the path to recovery because
otherwise we wouldn't increase this
interest rates and slowly but surely
we'll be fine
that's what it signals to the market and
as a result the market reacts and
behaves in this way I don't necessarily
agree with what they're saying here I'm
just reading the news in this point and
the once again the US dollar may look
like it's strong and in this contest
here what we have found is who is the
least bad that's ultimately what we are
finding now this this this this is huge
so we've heard the reports before about
Russia hacking in to the u.s.
presidential election this has been the
claim and they're reportedly 17 US
agencies that have determined that there
was foul play so what evidence do they
have well apparently they have evidence
okay cool all right where is the
evidence okay well you know they're not
gonna show it to us but you know what
let's just trust them
there's 17 agencies so let's trust them
okay nobody questioned them nobody
questioned long known liars nobody
questioned anybody with an agenda nobody
questioned anything if you see it in the
news
you should just believe it well that's
exactly what has been happening and it's
so silly and stupid because it's coming
from the same people who are lie and lie
and lie and lie
but here they are yet again saying
believe us trust us don't believe them
who is them not too sure don't worry
about it look at this Russia coming out
and saying this is actually coming from
a spokesman of actually from Putin
himself saying the United States must
either stop accusing Russia of meddling
in its elections or prove it finally
saying okay that's enough if you say
that we did so you have to actually
prove that and of course will they
actually be able to prove it well that
remains to be seen
I'm quite confident that there will be
nothing that is quite groundbreaking if
they do see anything or we'll never
really know because it could be faked
and a forgery
and speaking of which look at this you
have seen it if you've been on the
channel before or you've been paying
attention to the news about Sheriff Joe
Arpaio's
investigation into Obama's birth
certificate and what is needs to be
discussed what is very important is that
Sheriff Joe said we are not here to
discuss the legitimacy of this
individual our job is to determine is
this document of forgery he doesn't care
about the personal side of it what he is
there to do his team is this document
fake that's all
and the investigation clearly it was
extremely clear if you read this through
I read this whole article it's quite
lengthy but it does get into every piece
of the detail so I do recommend that you
take a look at it and it is very clear
there's no question that the document is
fake now is there a real document of Oba
birth certificate here somewhere maybe
there might be there okay but the one
that they put on the White House website
is not real okay it is very clear it was
forged okay they even found the person
the original document where I was taken
from and they were able to you know
point out all the problems within this
document okay all he has done here is
confirmed that the document is fake
there has been no other details that
they've gone into what his objective was
was clear and they did that they prove
it but still in the mainstream media
it's considered to be a joke
look at it look at it for yourself look
through these points that they make
throughout this you can see the stamp
that they used you can see how the
typewriter activity on it you could see
that different letters were used
multiple time like as if they copied and
pasted in multiple times you could see a
whole bunch of different things that
were very strange within the document
making it impossible to be legitimate it
had to be a forgery so here are those
details for you this right here I mean
fantastic hair fantastic and you know
what we are looking at here is the Prime
Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau with
the probably the best hair out of any
head of state and that is something to
be proud of absolutely
Trudeau's government will face off
against its greatest challenge to date a
trump presidency that's right such a
challenge and what it's saying is that
there's going to be some tensions which
I disagree with tensions in between the
u.s. and Canada what I would say is very
important is that through economic
turmoil what we could have is a problem
in Canada nearly 3/4 of Canada's exports
head to the US while some 400,000 people
a day crossed the shared border and this
here could present the problem
if the US for example is heading into a
crisis if they have problems on their
side Canadians I assure you we have
problems on our side I had read
statistics a little while back that 87%
of Ontario's exports are going to the
u.s. look if the US isn't buying we
won't be able to sell so this is a
challenge and keep in mind that for your
country wherever that is you are or
perhaps your state or your province
we're always doing business
geographically where it makes it easier
so that's tends to be their countries or
cities or states or provinces that are
next to each other so we want to have
those good political times however when
one state or city or country or whatever
is not doing well that presents a
problem for the others interconnected
with it once again ch1 I mentioned
fantastic hair china's holdings here's
the big news of the day china's holdings
of US Treasuries declined to the lowest
in more than six years as the world's
second largest economy uses its currency
reserves to support you on japan number
one now overtook China as America's top
foreign creditor top foreign creditors
its holdings edged down at a slow pace
so of course let's look at this be
realistic here China still has a lot of
US government debt 1.1 2 trillion I mean
it's a massive amount and it has been
you know a slow decline this hasn't been
exactly something that is taking place
overnight and this change will not go
overnight but what I will say is that we
need to look for a trend it goes up it
goes down
but look for the trend and I do see the
rhetoric there that China has said we
don't want as much of this US debt we
want to get into other investments and
we see that happening a lot of real
assets are being purchased by China and
it seems that there try
to wean off the US dollar the US debt
but they use it as a weapon of war as
well they do want to keep a good hold on
that because they could hold the power
in their hands very interesting to see
these currency wars that are taking
place and last but not least I want to
leave you with this it's above Venezuela
something that I've been covering
obviously very often something that
strangely is not really getting covered
in the alternative news as much as it
should with average wages less than the
equivalent of $50 a month at black
market rates three local councils and
four national welfare groups all
confirmed an increase in parents handing
their children over to the state that's
the big one or the charities or friends
and family that hurts
that really hurts because especially for
the state and you know what happens at
least in the US I've seen the numbers
when this happens they're handed over to
the state they're abused they're treated
poorly and their lives
afterwards tend to be really terrible
and in Venezuela right now things are
getting so bad even though the country
is sitting on top of the liquid black
gold oil obviously the corruption that
has taken place and the economic warfare
which has punished this country is
sending it down in a tailspin a spiral
downward and it is collapsing before our
very eyes you know you've seen the
reports of inflation is it 500 percent
is it 700 is a 2000 I don't know but the
people are screwed and it's really hard
to look at it all because it is as I've
said before a crystal ball looking into
the future
of the country and city that you are in
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up if you love
David Rockefellers face give me a thumbs
down many of you like that image from
the last video and if you found the
deformative you'll find my book the
money GPS even more informative because
it has charts and diagrams that I've
designed that make this complex subject
very easy to learn so you can go to
Amazon where they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take